So we're finished with our public subnet creation and their subsequent resources like Internet gateways
and root tables.
So now we're going to have to create a private subnet for that purpose.
Since we have the subnet method as the Create subnet in our BPC class I'm just going to make use of
that.
So let's just comment out here create a private subnet and within there since I'm going to get the response
from our AWOS call private underscore subnet underscore response and I'm going to call create subnet
Methot and I'm going to provide the VPC ID saying the PC that we're going to create and 40 cyder block
this time I'm going to pick 10 out zero dot to zero slash 24.
And as you can see it's different from our first public subnet IP block and this have to be different
from our public subnet.
BLOCK Because that way it's going to cause a collision and AWOS won't be able to create this subnet
for me.
I'm going to have to pick another range of IP addresses or side or block in a couple of US case.
So this is going to allow me to create my private subnet.
And let's also get the private subnet ID so that we can make use of it in later parts just like we did
with our public subnet.
So let's just copy this part of the public subnet I.D. passing arguments and let's just say private
subnet ID is going to be private subnet response and then let's just paste it here we go.
We have our private subnet Id pass into our string object.
So let's us also say that we created our private subnet and create it private subnet and was also passed
the private subnet tidy and let's say for the PC and then the PC Id just like that cell that's basically
all we're going to do for our private subnet says we're not going to allow resources to be accessed
through Internet.
We're not going to attach this subnet to our or associate to submit to our public route table.
We're going to just leave it as is so it is going to be automatically associated with our default route
table when we created these BPC.
So one last thing before we move on with the other section for our resources like is two and other things
we're going to need to provide some name tags to our subnets so that we can be clear about our subnets
when we launch them on AWOS so that we can distinguish them easily when we see them because as you can
see when we create our subnets we're not passing any name arguments or anything like that.
AWOS automatically not allowing to attach or provide a name for our resources like subnets.
So let's just make some calls here and let's just add a tech to our subnet and name tag actually to
private subnet.
And as you can see from the beginnings of our lectures we already have a method implemented when we
launch our BPC.
And as you can see it is the name tech and the good part of that method is it is simply expecting a
resource ID and resource name to attach to that resource as the name argument or name property.
So since this is a generic method we can make use of that.
So let's just go down below and make use of that method here.
And let's just say we see dot at name tag.
And for resource ID I'm going to pass in the private subnet ID and forward the name of that resource.
I'm going to say both all three.
And also you can say simply anything you want both all three private
and subnet just like that.
Let's just keep the convention and let's just also do that for our public subnet.
So I'm going to copy this line right here and I'll just go up to my public subnet creation and after
that add name tag to public something that and in there I'm going to pass in the public subnet tidy
and I'm going to change the private to public.
Here we go.
So we tasked our public and private subnets to proper naming
to summarize what we have done in this section.
I'll be seeing you on the next video.